
# class nomenclature

	- The name is also important when considering language constraints. For example, in Java, the public class name must be the same as the file name. If the names do not match, the application won’t work.

```
/* This class defines a cabbie and assigns a cab */ 

public class Cabbie{   <-- Class Name 

	//Place name of Company Here 
	private static String companyName = “Blue Cab Company”; 
	//.Name of the Cabbie 
	
	private String Name; 
	//Car assigned to Cabbie private Cab myCab; 
	
	// Default Constructor for the Cabbie 
	public Cabbie() {                <-- Constructors
		name = null; 
		myCab = null; 
	}
	 
	// Name Initializing Constructor for the Cabbie 
	public Cabbie(String iName, String serialNumber){ 
		Name = iName; 
		myCab = new Cab(serialNumber); 
	} 
	
	// Set the Name of the Cabbie 
	public void setName(String iName) { 
		Name = iName; 
	} 
	
	// Get the Name of the Company 
	public static string getName(){ 
		return Name; 
	} 
	
	// Get the Name of the Cabbie 
	public static String getCompanyName(){ 
		return companyName; 
	} 
	
	public void giveDestination(){    <-- Public interfaces (Accessors methods)
	
	} 
	
	private void turnRight(){    <-- Private Methods 
	
	} 
	
	private void turnLeft(){ 
	} 
}
```



# Attribute
	- Attributes represent the state of the object because they store the information about the object. For our example, the Cabbie class has attributes that store the name of the company, the name of the cabbie, and the cab assigned to the cabbie
	- The keyword private signifies that a method or variable can be accessed only within the declaring object.

# modeling a real world system

1. One of the primary goals of object-oriented (OO) programming is to model real-world systems in ways similar to the ways in which people actually think.
2. Designing classes is the object-oriented way to create these models. Rather than using a structured, or top down, approach, where data and behavior are logically separate entities, 
3. the OO approach encapsulates the data and behavior into objects that interact with each other.
4. We no longer think of a problem as a sequence of events or routines operating on separate data files.
5. The elegance of this mindset is that classes literally model real-world objects and how these objects interact with other real-world objects. 
6. These interactions occur in a way similar to the interactions between real-world objects, such as people. 
7. Thus, when creating classes, you should design them in a way that represents the true behavior of the object.

# identify public interface
1. It should be clear by now that perhaps the most important issue when designing a class is to keep the public interface to a minimum.
2. The entire purpose of building a class is to provide something useful and concise.
3. If the public interface is incomplete (that is, there is missing behavior), the user will not be able to do the complete job. 
4. If the public interface is not properly restricted (that is, the user has access to behavior that is unnecessary or even dangerous), problems can result in the need for debugging, and even trouble with system integrity and security can surface.

# Hiding the implementations
1. A class is most useful if the implementation can change without affecting the users.

# Destructor
1. Garbage collecting mechanism to clean up the memory which object has once acquired. else it will leads to memory leaks
	1. Memory Leaks When an object fails to properly release the memory that it acquired during an object’s life cycle, the memory is lost to the entire operating system as long as the application that created the object is executing. 
	2. For example, suppose multiple objects of the same class are created and then destroyed, perhaps in some sort of loop. 
	3. If these objects fail to release their memory when they go out of scope, this memory leak slowly depletes the available pool of system memory. 
	4. At some point, it is possible that enough memory will be consumed that the system will have no available memory left to allocate. 
	5. This means that any application executing in the system would be unable to acquire any memory. 
	6. This could put the application in an unsafe state and even lock up the system.
 2. 
